README.md - load balance configs (#683)
algorand/indexer: README.md

Indexer v1 was built into the algod v1 REST API. It has been removed with the algod v2 REST API, all of the old functionality is now part of this project. The API endpoints, parameters, and response objects have all been modified and extended. Any projects depending on the old endpoints will need to be updated accordingly.

# Unique Database Configurations 

Load balancing: 

> If indexer is deployed in an environment such that the database is seating behind a load balancer and multiple transaction queries are initiated, it is unclear whether these queries will be handled by a master instance or a non-master instance. Due to the ambiguity behind the handler, users will need to retry their query to ensure that they are not retrieving stale data.

Reviewer: Seating -> sitting

> If indexer is deployed in an environment such that the database is sitting behind a load balancer and multiple transaction queries are initiated, it is unclear whether these queries will be handled by a master instance or a non-master instance. Due to the ambiguity behind the handler, users will need to retry their query to ensure that they are not retrieving stale data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If indexer is deployed with a clustered database using multiple readers behind a load balancer, query discrepancies are possible due to database replication lag. Users should check the `current-round` response field and be prepared to retry queries when stale data is detected.
```

Reviewer 3: Multiple reader instances are not necessary. As long as there is one reader (in addition to writer), we can have a problem. I would say in the introduction that all write queries go to the writer instance, which then replicates the changes to the reader instances, with a certain lag. But when making a read query, it could go to a reader instance, and the user might get stale data.

+1 to Will's suggestion to check the `current-round` field.

Reviewer 2: With only 1 reader the user shouldn't see any discrepancy, so I'm not sure we need to explain that part

Reviewer 3: Why? The 1 reader will still be behind the writer?

Reviewer 3: Can't a read query also go to the writer instance?

Reviewer 2: Not with Aurora, they give you 2 different URLs

Reviewer 3: Well, Indexer takes only 1 URL, and write queries go to the writer instance, and read queries can go to the read instances. Why can't the load balancer forward a read query to the master?
